What's the matter with Zeyu calling me in such a hurry?
I ask you, did you send it back last night?
It's not me, you drank too much yesterday
Let me deal with the people at the party and come up by myself
I woke up this morning.
There is a woman by my side
Who?
You won't.
Is the surveillance broken?
Isn't it that you didn't get it?
I got nothing.
I didn't get a picture of the 8th floor either.
How can this surveillance be broken?
This video is very important to me
Very important.
Oops, you're not happy yet.
This is the security room, you know?
You are not qualified to check this batch in the security room.
You are still important
You are so hello
Who?
Mr. Song
Do you want that video too?
Which Mr. Song?
What are you doing?
Song Deyue, I tell you, don't mess around
What were you doing in the surveillance room?
What can I do?
Something like that happened to you for no reason
I have to know why
Don't think I don't know
What was your idea?
Secretly go to the monitoring room to adjust the surveillance video
Do you want to sell to the media?
Who sent you to harm me?
Doctor Lin